Stop! Who's my mother?
Roar, it's you
I've been looking for you for a long time
Bring it to your door yourself
I'm going to break his leg today. Come to my door
I am the commander of the guards of the Duke's Mansion
If you dare to move, I will not be afraid of the princess monster
Hahahaha
My father is the Minister of War
Am I still afraid that the princess will pursue it? Take it down
Mr. Zhang
Help me.
Who asked you to help me bring those things over?
I will agree to any request
Yeah, sure.
Kneel down for me and kowtow 100 times
I'll help you.
Zhang, you are already infuriated.
What if it irritates you?
self-insurance
I'm also afraid that you will support us
Minister, you also kneel down and knock 100 for me
I'll spare your dog's life
Dongqiang
This is what you forced me to do.
Don't blame me for being rude to you